Music
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh
Heh, call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-tra-bluh-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki
We are live and this is episode number 124 for this December the 26th 2004 you're tuned
in to the B Mani scenes most holiday spirited station of all things rhythm and music video
gaming.
My name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky joining me as always are my awesome co-host
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, you know her better as Dark Sakura.
Say hello to Jamie Summers! So late!
I lied, she's not here tonight, actually.
Actually, Jamie Summers is a little under the weather tonight.
She's a little sick.
She caught a Christmas bug.
An elf bit her in the ass, and now she's sick.
I don't know what happened, but...
We hope you feel better soon, Ms. Dark Sakura.
But the show must go on.
So joining me as always, say hello to our tech master, Loki!
I have the cheese.
See, you have food, so it's alright.
Usually, I was going to cook before the show, but
due to, um, you know,
our, um, laying off of some extra staff members, um,
we didn't have, you know,
extra people. Well, usually, now Dark Sakura's the one that comes in here and she
brings her big plate of meat
and asparagus
but i did shoot it snacking during the show i think you would do some laundry
too
but actually i do need to do a lot of you know
what does it would get all the essence of dark sacral make you feel like she's
here even though she's not
and on the laptop
but i'm not thank god
without the with c there you go out to say we had a laptop we could play yes
that would be pretty close
i'm just getting actually not even similar at all
uh... also joining us tonight then since um...
dark sakras in here we do have a special guest say hello to dark child
well what's up what's up life sucks yo but fuck it
i had merry christmas to you too my friend
bathroom fucking bug alright
oh goody we needed a little bit of anger tonight
to start sacrosanct, and you know that since she's sick, she's extra angry. So, you know,
we've got all that extra anger right here in a little body we call Darkchild. Anyway,
it should be an interesting show tonight. I really have no idea what's going to happen.
I notice our listenership is down a little bit, probably because you guys are away for
the holidays doing your holiday thing fine see if we care guys have your
families and your presence and your eggnog and yeah we don't do it for our
listeners now we do it for our listeners on our reruns which on Friday is on DDF
rig oh you're doing so good you're learning so well about the cheap plugs I
love it see that's what they all plan to do now though is it take out now that
They know that this reruns on Friday. They're just like yeah, fuck it. I don't need to listen tonight
I could just tune in Friday over on TDR freak
forget orange lounge
That's alright whatever
Whatever gets us out there and gets us attention whether it be on orange lounge radio or TDR freak radio
Who cares because isn't attention whoring what it's really all about
Yeah, yeah, all right
So whatever, we'll try and make do anyway. I'm sure we have a lot of folks who want to talk about their Christmas, and want to talk about New Year's coming up, want to talk about Tsunamis in China, I don't know.
Fuck all that. Life sucks.
Or maybe, let's just have a giant pity party, because isn't that what Orange Lounge is all about anyway? Just feeling sorry for ourselves.
I have cheese.
Alright, we'll be back after this opening with How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day,
and the Monty News, and all that other fun stuff.
And this breaks the music from Guitar Freaks!
We'll be back after this.
Join our chatroom, www.orangelandradio.com, click on chat, and the Skype line.
You know we're going to be taking lots of calls tonight because, well, we're bored.
we'll be back after this
Let's go, let's go, let's go
3!
2!
1!
3!
2!
1!
3!
2!
1!
Just standing there with your arms folded like you couldn't care
Even before you glanced at me, I already felt the chemistry
Don't know what it is about you that's got me feeling mesmerized
I won't let you get away boy, you're the lucky one
I don't need you cause the truth is
Got my hands full of faggots But I want you, gonna put you at the very, very top of my list
I don't need you, cuz the truth is, got my hands full of fattening
But I want you, gonna put you at the very, very top of my list
Yeah, I want you, gonna have you, and that's the way it is
Hello? Hello, is this thing on? Testing? Testing 1-2?
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show
Hello? I don't understand this.
Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions!
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio, broke down ghetto bimani radio.
What the f***?
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, the lovely dark sacra making an appearance in that promo.
Even though she's out tonight, she's feeling ill.
Yes siree, she's in that promo there with that other guy.
We are here on Orange Lounge Radio episode number 124.
I noticed our chat room is just kind of bouncing there or chatting away talking so you can go join him at
www.orangelandtrader.com click on chat and of course
Skypline which will certainly probably have to make some use out of tonight because we have very limited talent here in the studio tonight
Especially with Jamie being gone. Well there went all the talent so
We're really screwed now, so we'll probably be relying on you guys a little bit, but that's alright
It's good when we get a chance to sit down and talk to our listeners a bit
So hope all you guys out there had a happy holidays. It is December 26. It's the day after Christmas
So today is the day that everybody's out at the stores and they're spending their gift certificates and you know trying to you know
Spend all their Christmas money and things like that trying to buy things
So I hope for those of you that decided to go shopping today you were able to find those things that you wanted
I know that we had our own experience over at our local Best Buy, but there's kind of a backstory to this you see
basically what happened this week is that you know I was playing a little bit
of computer games and stuff and I was leaning back on my chair and my fat ass
broke my own chair so here I was without a chair on Christmas Eve nowhere to go
after six o'clock on Christmas Eve so I couldn't place the chair on Christmas
Eve so I can replace it on Christmas Day so my back is starting to hurt after a
while I could still sit in my chair but I couldn't lean back like if I would
lean back I'd fall on the floor so I had to wait till today to go out and get a
new chair so I decided to break Best Buy today and Loki said hey you know I'll go
too because what is it you got for Christmas what like I have too many gift
cards that cannot close my wallet because of all the gift cards so it's
trying to get rid of the gift cards at Best Buy how many how much money did you
have for Best Buy $50 those don't know what Best Buy I think Best Buy is a
nationwide thing right they haven't yeah all right well if you don't have one in
your neck of the woods basically huge electronics store DVDs movies CDs all
that stuff which we really shouldn't name these things by name because they're
paying us advertising dollars but it's like it's like Circuit City but blue
okay fair enough we're not really endorsing them either we're just saying
we went there because we had kids certificates and I needed to chair and I
knew they sold chairs so anyway went over to Best Buy and holy crap was the
line long at Best Buy I mean it was going it looked like it was the day
before Christmas that's how they do the lines now it was crazy but I mean it was
a long long line it was like practically it started to go it was going back and
was going, like, around the corner. No, they set up a queue now, just like, um, Fry's has.
Right. Now, I know they don't have Fry's everywhere. They have it all mostly on the West Coast,
but I don't think they have it everywhere. I think so, yeah. So, basically, the Lion's
Lawn at Best Buy, so I know a lot of people are out there shopping today. My fat ass broke
that chair, but that's okay, it was kind of a shitty chair anyway, it was a $20 Walmart
chair, that's what I get for shopping at Walmart, basically, so I had to step it up anyway,
I needed to buy a nicer chair. And I feel, might I say, I feel quite proud of myself,
because I built this chair. That's right, this chair did not come pre-assembled, so
I had to get out the instruction manual, which I'll tell ya, not written in this country,
because they have to draw pictures to make sense of everything.
He first thought the instruction manual was not included until I later found it attached
to the chair. Shut up. You don't have to bring that shit up, alright?
So finally, we discovered the instruction manual, which was poorly placed inside of
the box somewhere, and I put it together. I put this whole chair together. I was very
happy. Oh, Loki helped with one part, but, you know, that doesn't matter. So I'm very
proud of my handiwork, and I feel like a man today. I've become a man today. I've built
my own chair. It was kind of like, you know what, it was like Legos. I think that's why
we play with Legos as a kid, because you know I have to follow the Legos as a kid? Or now,
for some of you guys. When you're building Legos, they don't tell you how to do it, you
have to follow the little pictures. That's what it's doing, it's prepping you for what
the real world's going to be like when you have to build these chairs. If you're ever
going to shop at IKEA, basically, you better know how to put Legos together, because that's
the kind of instructions you're going to have to follow. So I'm very proud of myself for
building this chair, and only one screw is a little loose, so hopefully I'll be okay.
Wow, the chair is just a metaphor of the show. Hopefully my fat ass doesn't break this chair
too, we'll see. And I'll tell you, after Christmas I feel fat, but we'll get into that later.
I want to answer a few questions that are coming in from the chat room tonight. Jaded2004
before asks, where's the webcam? You guys notice www.orangehelter.com, no webcam tonight.
Well, basically here it is. It's just me, it's just Loki, it's just Dark Child. We're
all ugly, so we don't need to be on the webcam. Well, I can turn on the webcam, but you just
have a picture of the empty couch. Basically, if you were to turn on the webcam, all you
would see is the gigantic box that my chair came in, which I don't know how the chair
comes in a ginormous box like that and isn't pre-assembled. And then you see all the wrapping
paper and just stuff strewn all about, this post-Christmas chaos we have going on. But
there's nobody sitting over there with a webcam. You guys bitch all the time. The webcam angle
is horrid. So maybe we'll move the webcam later. We'll try to point it over here. No.
But you see, it's too big of a pain in the ass. Because of this cabinet that Loki has,
the cabinet of death thing that he's got going on, it's too hard to change. I have to unlock
the little coin door. I have to go and I have to turn on the power. Then I have to switch
over the, um, video input to make sure it's a TV, otherwise you get no video. Then once
I do that, then I have to start up the Playstation 2. I have to switch over the video to that.
Then I have to start itoyplay. Once I get itoyplay going, then I have to sub to itoy
in a well-lit area. So that means I have to adjust the lighting as well. Thank you. It's
just too much damn work, Baseless World War Town 2. And consider we have half the listeners,
we usually have F you. We're not going to set up the webcam. No, I'm kidding. We love
you guys who are here tonight on your vacation listening. Love you.
Just stare hard enough at the web page, you'll eventually see us. Trust me.
You know what? Here, this is an excellent opportunity for you to visit our picture galleries.
Exactly.
And you can see, see this is how you promote, you cross promote your other productions.
This is, you visit our picture gallery on the website and you can see pictures of us
at E3 smiling back at you. And you can eat rice princesses in there and lanky stuff,
seagirds in there, a kiriyamoka is in some of the pictures. So, you know what, if you're
missing the webcam tonight, check out our ugly mugs in the picture gallery. And yes,
for some reason, every single goddamn picture that is taken of me, I squint. And I don't
know why. It's just, I squint. My eyes are sensitive or something. Now, Misty's offering
financial compensation now for you to go through. I still don't understand why they want a webcam
pointed at nothingness, but maybe we could just turn on the TV. We could just put a cartoon
on.
I'll turn on the webcam.
There you go.
God.
We could just point, you know, we could just turn the TV on Cartoon Network.
I'll just go sit at the chair.
There you go.
Darkchild, you could just...
They could watch me sit.
There you go. You'll just, you can model. At least they're not requesting nude modeling
tonight. Be thankful for that.
Fuck it, I'd do it.
You're just in one of those moods.
It's that time of the month.
Alright, well,
we need to get into a little bit of how was your week, how was your day, where we're going to talk about
how our week was and how our day was.
And I know that there was Halloween going on.
Or Halloween.
It's going to be one of those.
you know what though if your house is like my house at all maybe it felt like
halloween to you
things were a little bit scary, yes you did get death for christmas from uh...
who got that, that was dark child that got that for you
the death doll right so maybe it was halloween for some it feels like halloween to me
trick or treat
give me money
dark child we'll start with you my friend since jamie usually starts us off and
she's not here tonight, and you're sort of filming it. How was your week? How was your day?
Where to start? My week was the worst week. Remember,
it's a three-hour show. Yes, yes, I know, I know. My week was the worst week
ever. I have moved back home
to my mother's house north of Sacramento, and I was hoping to
continue changing things for me and Anita to be together,
make things better, you know. Guys fuck up, and we need to change a lot, and
It usually takes us a long time to figure it out.
Well, I get back and she no longer wants to be with me.
So, yeah, weeks sucked.
I spent the rest of the week staying at my mom's house on the ranch doing nothing but
writing in a little book and sitting in the trailer since I'm not welcomed in the house.
Do you get to ride horsies?
No, I'm not allowed to ride the horses.
No horsies?
No horsies.
The dogs at the house get better privileges than I do.
So, yeah, my Christmas came, and my brother comes up with his fiancé, which made life
more difficult for me.
And we had the usual family argument, which ended up being resolved by us going outside
and smoking some butt.
Orange Arms did not support the spoken butt.
Today.
And, you know, I had dinner with my family.
You know what, though?
Now that I think about it, it would make this show a lot better.
I'm kidding.
kids, say no to drugs. Alright. Until you're 21. Um, so yeah, that was my week and my day.
Today I hung out with Dream Pixie and her boyfriend and just talked about stuff. The
Orange Lounge, madam! Where the fuck is she? She was supposed to be here tonight. She,
she decided that she wanted to go to Hayward with her man, so... Fired! She'll be back
Tuesday though oh well great she can go guest on Jamie's show cuz you know we
don't do a show here on Tuesdays all right whatever I see how it is I see how
it is but uh deep dickings are more important than Orange Lounge I
understand I'm not getting deep-dicking here maybe later if you're good okay
all right but uh yeah that was my week in my day all right well sorry to hear
of the holidays were not that exciting, but you know what? Sometimes that's what the holidays
are for, is for us to just... I really don't know where I'm going with this thought.
Feel like shit because you realize that a big fat man in a red coat's not real?
Don't tell... We have children that listen to this show.
Santa is fake, so is the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy.
You're just breaking little kids' dreams everywhere. Although part of me is tempted to go to golf
plan and announce that over the loudspeaker. Attention children, get off my DDR machine.
Santa Claus does not exist. Okay, now I see Loki with his thinking face over there and
I know what he's thinking. Let me think. How could I patch in to the Roosevelt-Goughland
sound speaker system to make all the announcements I want? That's not what I'm thinking. What
I'm thinking is, with the portable PC they'll have, which we'll be able to, you know, record
to for E3 and stuff, you could put like some external speakers running off the same battery
power and turn those up really loud and it'd be like your own portable boombox system.
That's so, remember the early 90s, remember those old rap videos, you know, where they
would carry the boombox on their shoulder like, you know, with the loud music playing,
you know, and all the rap videos and the colorful getup they'd have. You're almost describing
that exact same thing, except now it's like gone totally nerd-dom, where now you'll have
the big PC sitting on your shoulder. Attention, Gulf Land children, there is no Santa Claus.
Enjoy your day. Your parents have been lying to you for years. The only reason your parents
brought you here is so that they don't have to listen to you for an hour, so they can
some peace and quiet, and possibly do it in the bathroom! Have a happy holiday! Ho, ho,
ho! Loki, how was your week in your day? I sent him the webcam. He sent him the webcam.
Take a break from the webcam. No, I have to fix webcam. Anyways, my week in day, my week
was boring it was really busy then it got really dead and then we went and saw
the Phantom of the Opera that was okay and I got lots of shirts and gift cards
and played lots of Final Fantasy made fried rice that's about it that fried
rice was good by the way very good delicious you should be an Iron Chef
right between you and Jamie I'm set when it comes to this show because I can't
cook for shit but Jamie cooks really well and Loki cooks really well and
heaven I think that should be a requirement to continue being a co-host
of the shows that you should cook for me every week and in return I will bring
you my presence I brought you Puerto Rican sausage I'm vegetarian it's okay
you don't have to swallow all right anyway my week in my day my week was
pretty unexciting I mean work and we got off work early it did karaoke on
Thursday which was exciting got to stay long enough to see some strippers which
were really ugly so we decided to leave yeah they're really ugly so we left
early Christmas was okay I got money which is a good thing money is always
good and I got a really ugly sweater, which, you know, I'm always thankful for that.
Let's see, what else happened? Oh, I went and saw Phantom of the Opera, also at the
movie theater because it was playing. It's tradition in our family that we always go
and see a movie on Christmas. It's like, okay, we eat, then we open all the presents, then
we go and we go to a movie. So we went and saw Phantom of the Opera because that's what
my mom wanted to see. And it was a good movie! I cried like a little girl and it was a very
gay film, so I was quite pleased with it. It was good. I recommend it. Thumbs up if
you want to go see Phantom of the Opera. Although it was a little long. It was kind of long.
But I've seen the stage play a couple times, and there were some things about the stage
play. I don't know if it translated very well to screen, but overall it was well acted and
all that fun stuff. Oh, you changed the angle of the cam, I see. Oh. Well, great. Wow. You
guys really owe Loki for this one. He went up there and changed the angle of the cam
completely so that you can see us in our little corner. And you can see what a dump my workstation
is. Oh well, that's alright. I don't care. I build a chair. Everything else can go to
hell. Alright, so that was pretty much my week and my day.
Yeah. Okay. Anything else exciting happen on your Christmas? That was it? You seemed
like you were gone a lot this week. Well, no, I was only gone like a few days.
Like Christmas Eve, hung out at my parents' house on Christmas Day when I hung out at
my parents' house because my grandparents were over.
That's pretty much all I did, really.
Oh, I have 100 stars now in Mario 64.
Thank you!
That's a lot of downtime waiting for parties in Final Fantasy.
Now here we go.
There's an idea for what we could do with the show tonight, because Jamie's not here.
just have Final Fantasy XI chat tonight. I don't play FF11 anymore. You used to? I don't
play any games anymore. Weren't you playing World of Warcraft for a while there? You were
beta. Yeah, I was in the beta for like seven months. Everybody's freaking ditching Final
Fantasy XI to go World of Warcraft, but you know what? Don't. They're coming back. Oh
yeah. Oh, you didn't enjoy World of Warcraft? I did, but it had problems, and when it came
to release time, they still hadn't even worked out putting in talents for some of the classes,
and other classes were just still too overly powerful, and other classes didn't do what
they were supposed to do, and then somehow it went gold. So, it's gonna be like Star
Wars Galaxy all over again. One year of paid beta.
Alright. Fair enough. Welcome to your opinion. So yeah, Final Fantasy XI chat. No, I'm kidding.
Actually, but you were saying something which I thought was kind of funny. You said something
in chat before the show which I thought was really interesting. You were saying, you were
were typing and you said, I keep wanting to type slash L before I type anything, but only
my link shell will hear it. Now that's, that's the sign of too much Final Fantasy XI. And
not in the chat room. Alright. Alright, we're going to go to a break you guys. When we come
back from break, maybe we'll get to some Bahmani news. Maybe we'll take some calls on the Skype
line. I want to hear about your guys' Christmas and how things are going, so go ahead and
give us a call over there when we come back. If you don't know what I'm talking about when
when I say the Skype line, head on over to www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on Interact
with Us. We're going to be back after this break of music from 2DX tent style. We're
kind of in a year-end show. This is going to be the last show of the year, if you can
believe it, because the next show will be on... Sorry about that little bit of dead
air there, guys. Sorry about that. Loki made a klutzy move and he unplugged our soundboard
completely. Do not be alarmed, do not be alarmed. Anyway, yeah, we're getting towards the year-end
show here, so we kind of want to start acknowledging those games that came out this year. We played
a lot of songs during the pre-show. We've got some more songs for you, kind of the best
of 2004 here. All right, we'll be back after this break, featuring some music from 2DX10
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio after this.
I'll see you in the next video.
.
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio.
staff meeting as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music & More program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The hollick thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
Does anyone even know what the holic thing on episode 69 is anymore?
I mean that was like a year ago
More than a year ago, it was about a year and a few months ago
I know some of our obsessive folks in the chatroom know, the folks that have been listening for forever
But those of you that haven't been listening very long probably have no idea what they're talking about there
That's right, ask Misty or Angel, one of those folks that would know about it
Ask one of them to explain it to you, they'll be kind enough to do so
All right, anyway, we are here on Orange Launch Radio.
We do have an interesting circumstance tonight
because Dark Sakura is not here.
So usually we try to do something a little silly
for the cage match when Dark Sakura isn't here.
Like we do a reverse cage match,
we do the karaoke cage match or something crazy.
Loki's giving me that look of no karaoke cage match.
That's fine.
We don't have anybody, I mean, at least last time
we had a guana girl here who can actually
decently sing karaoke, so we had an excuse to do it.
She's not here tonight, so we can't do that.
So, we can't do the karaoke cage match. I don't really feel like doing a reverse cage
match. Let's try, let's try a new idea. Here's my new idea. What, Darkchild?
Are you saying that I can't sing? Well, I, okay, I guess Darkchild possibly
could sing, but I'm not singing again, and neither is Loki. Yeah, tell, I can tell by
the expression on his face. So we have to do something a little different with cage
match tonight. So here it is. And you guys have been begging for this forever. So consider
this your freaking Christmas present, alright? Well, we will allow a chat room choice, okay?
So if you have an idea what song you would like to put in tonight's cage match, send
me a private message right now with the song you would like to put in tonight's cage match.
And we will pick one at random. Now you gotta be prepared, you might have to send me the
song so don't name anything you don't have because you might have to send it to me, okay?
So think about a song, think about it, don't just send the first thing that comes to your
mind, think about a song you would like to hear in tonight's cage match, send it to me
over a private message, Skye in the chat room, and we will have a chat room choice at tonight's
cage match. And then, maybe you guys will stop complaining that our choices suck, because
one of them will be yours. So, there you have it. Does that sound like a fair thing we can
do to our, do for our listeners? I think so.
Sounds fair.
I think. Sounds very fair. No, you, well your song won, I will pick a new song and then
we will have instead of Dark Sakura, because she's out tonight, we will have the Chatroom
Choice as the third song. So, there you have it.
Because Dark Child doesn't matter. Well, you matter! You still, now see, you
still get to trash all three songs. Oh, true, true.
So there you go. So don't worry, Dark Child, there's still
a lot of love for you. Dark Child, for those that may not know you,
you haven't been on the show in a little while, and, you know, we're syndicated over on DDR
freak now, which has exposed ourselves to a whole new listener base, so some folks may
not know who you are. So, tell us a little bit about yourself and your DDR history, because
I know you go way back. I go way back. You go way back. How'd you get started playing
DDR? I got started right when I got out of the military. My friend Ron worked at MVGO,
or MGL. Yeah, MGL. MGL or Milpenis Golf Land. Yeah, Milpenis Golf Land. And he's like, hey
dude, there's this cool new game that we're testing out here. You know, Milpenis gets
a lot of test stuff. So he has me go to Golf Land, I see DDR, and my friend Rowan gets
on. I'm like, whoa, that game looks like it's tight. So I try to play it. I suck. You know,
I was barely able to get past Boom Boom Dollar because, you know, everyone passes Heavy Never
been mellow this was 1.5 then it turns out that the guy to stand that play with
us is a guy named Jim from Konami he was in charge of testing it for Konami so I
played with you know the original test market here in the u.s. Wow okay and I
got started playing right around the same time as Jason Co, Mel B, Jahi you
know all them old-school the name-dropping love the name-dropping I
I gotta drop it for him. But, you know, and Mike Noe, RTF, and I was also there for the
DDR Freaklessness. I was there when Jason Coe and us came up with the idea for DDRFreak.com.
So, I've been there from the beginning. Only SoCal people who played Imported DDR could
say they've been playing longer than me.
Oh, whipping out the DDR penis! Showing everyone right now how big it is.
Ten inches.
So, how many years does that make that you've been playing DDR? When was this? Is this 98?
That was 98.
Shit.
And, uh, I haven't really been playing much anymore. I've been a big time judge the past few years.
And I have a big tournament event coming up in September.
Called the Max Games Tournament.
Tell us about it. It's in September.
In September, uh, this is going to be held at the San Jose Tech Museum.
Sorry, I'm holding it too close.
Alright, San Jose Tech Museum. And DDR will not be the only game there, but I will be
be running the tournament for DDR, it'll be Perfect Attack and Freestyle, a weekend
long event.
There will also be a Halo 2 tournament, a bunch of other game tournaments on consoles.
Red vs. Blue is going to show up and we're going to be airing Season 3 and possibly all
of the seasons on the IMAX screen located at the Tech Museum, as well as BrickFlick.com
will be having a video that we're creating currently.
I'm a member of BrickFlick and we're going to be making a Lego video for the IMAX screen,
And it's going to be a huge event, that's why we're planning ahead now for September.
And also at the same time, Tech Museum will have a video game exhibit.
Oh.
So a huge history of video game thing going on at the museum the same weekend.
We want to go hook us up with some media thing.
Of course, I'll have a couple of VIP passes.
Woo hoo!
Get three, because there are three hosts here, all right.
I want to clarify some things, because some folks in our chat room have some questions
about the chat room choice for Cage Match tonight.
know and you guys have been begging to do this for forever so I thought you
already knew how it worked but that's no that's fine that's fine I realize it's
been a while so I'll just remind you guys the way the cage match works is
that we put three songs into rotation originally the concept was songs that
aren't in a Bamani game that should be or sound like they belong in a Bamani
game but they're not there yet so you know just upbeat happy dance songs but
it kind of transformed itself into whatever is cool right now we've had
We've had all sorts of cage match winners. We've had Bamani artists win with like Echo Image won before.
We've had Top 40 artists win it. Gwen Stefani won. We've had songs from Overclocked in there.
We've had songs that were theme songs to animes and stuff in there. All sorts of stuff.
So, just whatever sounds good to you that you think is going to win it.
I would love anyone who puts Slipknot in there.
Jesus. Okay, we have to have some jurisdiction over this. Alright, anyway, now that we've
clarified that, back to you for a minute. So, when did you, so you've been playing DDR
since 98. When did you stop? I stopped playing right around, I'd say just after Third Mix
came out. Which is about the time I started. Yeah, it's about the time a lot of people
started because that's when it was hitting U.S. market. I moved up to Wheatland, which
is north of Sacramento. Which is a little nothing hole in the world, yeah. And coming
from MGL, we still thought there was no Sacto DDR. No, and there wasn't at the time, really.
I didn't really play up here when I went down back to the Bay and I was trying fourth style
and some of the hard songs on third style, I was way out of my league again. I saw Orochi
sitting there, his feet flying all over the board on songs I couldn't even picture the
arrows on. So that's when I kind of stopped playing, and started getting invited to judge
a bunch of tournaments, so I've just been a judge since then.
Oh, there you go. Now, okay, since you're a judge and you've judged a lot of tournaments,
this is a good question, because we've got a lot of tournaments that have been going
on lately coming up. What kind of shit do you look for in a routine? What makes a good
freestyle DDR routine you? First off, I hate power moves after power
move after power move. If it looks like your routine doesn't flow and you just, you know
you could break, so you do breaking here, then there's a little pause of nothing, and
then more breaking here, and then a pause, and it's just regular dancing, then more breaking,
it's obvious you're just doing power moves to impress us, and a lot of judges don't like
that.
Another thing, if I've seen you up there before, it's really hard for people like Mel B to
impress me, because I've seen a lot of his routines, and I always expect him to do something
a little more.
If I've seen you compete a lot of times, I'd like to see a different routine.
So you think you're giving noobs a break a little bit?
I think a little bit, because I haven't seen them in action.
I've judged one or two tournaments, not a lot. I don't get asked to judge tournaments, because I guess I suck at DDR.
But I don't always give newbies a break. I mean, I still expect that you better not be looking at the screen.
Oh, definitely, definitely.
You better look like you're having fun.
But me personally, that's the number one bitch I have about freestyle routines, is that people
look depressed while they dance.
And I'm not saying you have to smile like a cheerleader when you play, but at least
your expression should match the mood you're trying to convey with what you're doing.
And I realize that sounds a little froofy.
I think the best guy who shows his mood the best way would probably be Bruce Leroy on
his routine.
Absolutely.
He's just glowing the whole time.
One of the best.
Absolutely.
He always just carries it in his expressions.
Yeah, definitely.
got to look like you're having fun up there. If you look like you're bored and just doing
something memorized, then you're going to get knocked down a bit.
When you look bored, I hate that. I hate that more than anything, and I totally penalize.
I mean, again, I haven't judged that many, but in the ones that I have, I totally would
penalize people if they looked bored, because then I feel bored. Anyway, I'm sorry to interrupt.
I went off on a date. It's supposed to be about you, not me. You just...
And the last thing that I really look for in judging is make sure you actually have
some kind of freestyle routine. Don't go up there and do a perfect attack, just stepping
and getting the arrows all right. You know, you gotta do some kind of moves, try a move
or something.
Now, that used to be cool. Like, way back in the day, wasn't there somebody had done
a paranoia, uh, rebirth routine, and it was basically kind of just backwards, memorized
type thing?
Yeah.
It doesn't cut it anymore.
Yeah, that was cool way back when.
It was cool back in the day when nobody could pass a nine-footer, but let's face it. Everybody
and their mothers passed Max 300 by now. Actually, that's still not true, because I still...
Yeah, I haven't.
I passed Max 300 once, but that's it. I mean, honestly, considering we've been doing this
show for how long now you think that Loki, myself, and DarkSakurai would all actually
be good DDR players, we're good, but we're not, you know, oh my God's triple A's on
Legend of Max good, because we're all, unfortunately, we're old as well. We don't have the stamina
you kids have.
I find it funny some of the songs that people could pass now that I don't stand a chance
on, yet I could still go back to a 1-5 machine and play Paranoia 180, the original one on
Maniac, and some people still can't keep up with me on that song. But they kick my butt
on all sorts of other songs on other machines.
Because you take out the Vivid, and it's just, that, that, this is why Dark Sacra, she sits
here and she always says, you know, back in my day, we had second mix, and we didn't have
this Vivid stuff.
Yeah, them different colored arrows? Oh, that's cheating, man.
That's right. Gotta have the same flat color arrow coming up the screen.
I still remember, I thought I was the shit the first time I played DDR because I
passed a two-footer my first game.
Wow. But that was because I played a ton of Bust-a-Groove. And so I already, you know, I kind of had an idea.
I'd watched DDR, I'd kind of taken notes from a distance.
But I remember, I remember, Alguana Girl and I played our very first game of DDR together.
and look where she's at, and look where I'm at. She's the co-admin of a huge DDR forum, me.
I got a shitty little internet show with two of my friends.
Well, hey, I played with Jason Coe and helped him come up with DDR4.com. There you go, and now you're a guest on this shitty internet show!
My how far we've come.
I also remember playing back on 1.5,
just trying to see what a maniac
song looked like once we found the code. Did you say maniac?
Yeah, I said maniac. She's a maniac, come on.
but you know we figured out the maniac code i remember four of us getting on
the machine tried to play one song on maniac each person added arrow
and we still couldn't do it wait a minute i remember people doing that when max
three hundred was new and people wanted to get extra or no
no it was legend of max
at what are not let him come to him it's
what was the middle one what was the middle one
max unlimited thank you
because everybody was like oh my god kakumei right
and so i remember watching this happen where everybody was on one arrow
And they were doing this to get... It's just like on 2DX
when people were trying to get the extra stage there, they would play doubles, but
they'd have two people playing to make it easier.
Just to hear that song.
Just to get a glimpse.
I've been judging ever since
the way back when.
You know, you might catch me at
Golf Land or something playing every now and then, but it's nothing spectacular.
So do you ever do PA at all?
No, never were a PA. I'm a member of RTF.
Oh, I didn't realize you were a member. Yeah, I became an honorary member of RTF
and an honorary member of Step Squad. And then, of course, old school MGL.
All right. So what do you think, since you're an old school
member of all these clubs, what do you think of all these, it seems like everywhere I look
there's a DDR club or a little DDR cult and I admit I've been just as bad
because we had our own little DDR cold back in the day Sacramento everybody
hated us I still don't know why we weren't you know for the longest time was
MGL against SoCal and then Sacramento show up who are these new kids on the
Okay, you know what, we're an international show and here we are talking about California drama, but I'm sure your neck of the woods has it too.
We've had guests in here that talk about, what Seagrid was here talking about, the two Kansas factions, now it's Seattle versus the rest of California.
Hey, you gotta stop holding the bar. No, no, I remember, you know, back when I played.
There's a battle in your neck of the woods somewhere.
Yeah, I do the whole California thing because, you know, it was just in this end of the woods when I was playing.
playing. But I remember when I started seeing other crews come up, like I remember seeing
one out of Ohio, one out of Iowa. I was like, what the hell? They got DDR up there now?
I thought they were all backwards in that country.
Well, especially when these places started getting DDR first. That was kind of...
Oh yeah, that was really weird, because, you know, I played at a test market. It's like,
you know, California is where it's at, and we're supposed to get everything first other
than Japan, and other people were getting it.
from the chatroom in response to your bar raping comment. Misty in the chatroom says,
I'd rather bar rape and pass the song. Okay, thanks.
Can I have a martini while you're on the bar? No, no. Honestly.
That was a dumb joke. That was a really, really dumb joke. Congratulations.
Because you're bartending. Yeah, I know, I know. I get it.
I honestly grab the bar on occasion when I do my Paranoia 180 freestyle. I do this little
criss-cross step thing, and I can't stop myself from grabbing that bar to do it, otherwise
I'll fall down. But, uh...
This is the, to me, this is the quintessential DER discussion, is bar raping. It seems like
we've had this discussion on the show a thousand times. But it's been a good month. It's been
a few good months since we've had this discussion, so I'm fine with having it again. I'm okay
if other people want to use the bar, because I always say, if they don't want you to use
the bar, they would not have the bar. And people do take the bar off the machine for
I love when we do tournaments with no bar.
That's, that's the, it's another Seattleer thing I saw. Windex on the shoes about the pads.
I don't get the Windex.
Wow.
You're just gonna make all sorts of friends here tonight, aren't ya?
I'm not here to make friends, I'm here to be honest.
But you know, I never got the Windex and stuff, and...
I don't know, I guess it works for Seattleers, because they seem to get really far in PA.
That's right, they kick your ass in PA, really, so maybe you oughta get a, maybe you oughta go to the store and buy a bottle of Windex.
See, that's when I slip and fall on my ass, that's when the pads are too damn slick, but...
Yeah, and, see, this is the reason why I'm not allowed to judge PA.
I mean, it has nothing to do with the fact that it's all point-based.
There is no, yeah, I'm like, there is no...
There's nothing to do with that, you know?
I can't judge, they won't let me judge PA, I've asked and asked and asked,
because I will ream people for stupid-ass shit.
Even though they get perfect all the way through a full combo, I'll be like...
You're grabbing the bar through half the song, please step off.
used to know, rape the bar.
I could stand to play about 48 hours straight worth of DDR to work off all the crap I ate
over the holiday weekend, but it's just not going to happen because I'm lazy.
Man, I'm ready to get back into my own routine. I was at Scandia today staring at the machine
like, hey, I could play that again. You know, I used to play, you know, every night I was
at MGL because I never paid for tokens. I drove by Roseville Golf Land twice over this
past few days here over Christmas, and both times I actually contemplated stopping in,
which is more than I could say for six months ago. Usually I drive right by it and extend
my middle finger and have at it, because that's how I kind of felt about it, because everything
was always broken, there was no point in me stopping. But I've actually contemplated stopping
the last two times. Things are changing.
I hear it's gotten a lot better now. Scania's a lot different now, too.
You think DDR is dead?
I don't think DDR is dead.
People are saying DDR is dead.
I was just responding to a post in the LiveJournal community today where
somebody had said that DDR is dead, and I'm like,
I don't know, buddy. You know, people said 2DX was dead, and
they've just come out with a bunch of more releases in Japan. It looked like it was
going to go under.
Very true. Very true.
Loki says there's a new arcade release coming out, and we'll talk about that
during the next break. What a good segue.
Okay, we're going to go to a break. We're going to come back.
We're going to have our cage match with our special guest entry courtesy of our winner
from the random pick, BRP Ohio Bamani is going to have the chatroom, Big Red Pimp, that's
right, that's what he goes by, Big Red Pimp, sounds like a red mage if I'm not fancy, he's
going to have our chatroom choice tonight.
Loki by the way, if you're wondering why you haven't heard from Loki all this break, he's
cooking right now.
What exactly are you cooking over there, Loki?
Fried rice!
He's making his fried rice.
So we'll be able to have some of that here on the show.
Alright, we'll be back after this break. We're going to get some music from 2DX Red.
Another big game in 2004, a little later this year.
And we'll be back after this. We're going to start it off with a little bit of AA.
Something I know you guys go for in DDR sometimes.
Ha ha ha.
We'll be back.
Gaming Radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us at Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 124 in progress right now, and I have
no idea what that means, what the significance of 124 is, but next week will be 125, that's
kind of a, that's like, you know, a dollar and a quarter, that's pretty big, alright.
So anyway, we're here, we've got myself, Loki, if you're just joining us, Dark Sakura's out
tonight, she's a little sick, apparently she's been sleeping a lot, had a resurgence of some
virus. That's got to suck to get sick on Christmas though, but I've been there. It sucks. It's
no fun. And Dark Child is here tonight filling in, which is good. We haven't heard from Dark
Child in a while. And he's old school. We were talking a little bit in that last segment
there just about some old school. We're living some old school memories. So looking forward
to the future, because this is the last show of the year. What do you think Bomani has
in store for 2005? Do you think we're all going to move on, get a life, go to a new
What do you think the Bomani scene has in store in 2005?
I see some more DDR coming out, I'd like to see some more come out from Japan with some
Japanese songs on it instead of this US marketed bullcrap with Britney Spears to dance to.
Now wait a minute, Britney Spears has not been in a DDR mix yet.
Not yet.
She has her own series of music games, remember?
Yes, yes.
But you know, I'm betting though with more DDR coming out in the US, there'll be a lot
There's a lot more US artists in there. Stuff that would attract a larger audience than just the Bahmani people.
Someone comes out to the arcade, hears a song they know on the radio and they see it's not a game, they're probably more likely to dance on it.
I'm hoping 2DX keeps going because that's the game I play now instead of DDR.
If that game is tight, I've seen some songs from 2DX Red where apparently they're some of the hardest songs ever released before and I've seen videos of two guys on doubles not passing it.
There's some pretty crazy shit in 2DX Red.
That's all I know so far.
Yeah, Garrett was kind enough to show me videos.
It's insane.
You know, that's all I really see for the Bemani scene is just more DDR, more 2DX coming
to the US.
Hopefully they bring out some other crazy ass games.
I wouldn't mind playing that one butt poking game.
Boonga Boonga?
Yeah, Boonga Boonga.
Alright.
Let's see, I'm going to put my Miss Cleo hat on here and try to make some Bomani predictions
for 2005.
Yes, looking deep into my crystal ball, Bomani predictions 2005.
Let's see, I predict that there will be an UltraMix 3.
There's definitely going to be an UltraMix 3.
I predict there will be an UltraMix 3, because UltraMix 2 is so beloved by the community
that there will be an UltraMix 3.
And I predict that a different drum will be involved again.
Let's see, what else do I predict?
I predict that there will be an extreme two in the US.
But it won't be called extreme two.
I think they're gonna release, I would say,
remember I have no inside knowledge here, I'm going completely off my Miss Cleo hat
here, I would say that there's going to be an extreme two,
but they'll call it party collection just to mess with us.
But it won't be a rehash of greatest hits.
It'll be something completely new.
And it will have Sakura in it
because everybody bitched when Sakura
wasn't in DDR Extreme USA.
So there will be Sakura in DDR Extreme 2
or Party Collection USA, whatever you wanna call it.
I think about mid year,
we're gonna see a new DDR arcade machine in Japan.
but it's going to be different. That's all. And I think 2DX will continue. There'll still
be more Guitar Freak and Drummania mixes that we won't know what to do with them. Same thing
with Papa Music. And I predict that there will be another type of rhythm and music game
by the end of the year. Like you know how they did Mambo Go Go once? I think they're
p0k3smot42o I predict that there will still be drama, somebody's bitching will ruin a tournament somewhere
We'll see. Any other predictions you want to make, Loki? Oh, he's over there cooking.
He doesn't care. He doesn't care about what's going on over here. All right. We were talking
a little bit in the last segment before we went to break there. Loki had actually brought
up that there is a new DDR machine coming out, because there is a new DDR machine coming
out in the UK, and we actually posted a little news item over to our website, orangeloungeradio.com,
And it does appear that Dancing Stage Fusion Arcade is still happening, and there is some
more information on the official Konami site, which you can go to just by clicking on the
link there.
And it says, and I quote, this is all we have to go off of so far, there's a little picture
of the machine and it says, spinning its way into Europe is the latest Dancing Stage sensation.
Step back onto the stage, take the limelight and strut your Christmas stuff to, excuse
excuse me, to Fusion. Jerry Halliwell, Atomic Kitten, Kim Wilde, and a whole host of other
well-known artists will be starring in Fusion, making it the biggest and best selection of
tracks to date. And that's all they have to say about it. So there is a new machine coming,
and all these artists we hear there have been in DDR before, Jerry Halliwell, It's Rainin'
men atomic kitten right now fifth mix and Kim Wilde was a home release kids in
America right in DDR extreme USA and party collect or not part festival
fusion oh it wasn't a festival my bad my bad I thought it was I can't keep them
all so there's so many DDR mixes I can't keep them all straight anymore all right
so we know that's coming we don't have a release date we don't know if it is a
hardware upgrade what it's going to look like Loki says it is a hardware upgrade
but we don't know what it's going to look like which is my point if you let
me finish my thought so we don't know
Loki's Loki's cooking so we don't have a microphone right now but he's yelling
about some show where they're going to show this on the 25th through 27th of
December January of January so we should have some more information come the end
of January so that's kind of exciting a little bit a little bit because if
something new comes out in Europe you know maybe maybe here maybe we'll see I
don't know about here but at least Japan hopefully we shall see soon enough all
right how about we get into tonight's cage match boys and girls how's that
sound terrific since I got a cue up tonight's cage match I haven't gotten
there yet we did allow tonight it for those you guys are just joining us
since Dark Sacros out tonight we allowed something tonight which a lot of you guys been bitching
for for a long, long time and that is for the chat room to be able to enter a pic. So
we had, we randomly selected from all the entries we got one person from the chat room
and we're going to put their song in tonight. And let's see which track of yours won last
week? Is that Speed Demon? I'm sorry. House of Joy. Why don't I have House of Joy queued
up here? Alright, I've got to find it. Dark Child, help me fill time here while I figure
out where my music is. I'm so depressed people. You know, I'm single now. That was a shocker
to me and I'm trying everything I can to win her back because that woman was like a part
of me. She was my soulmate, at least in my eyes. And I miss her so much. If anyone knows
any way they could help or advice they could give me to possibly try and win her back,
please let me know. I could give you my email address. It's dchild, spelled D-C-H-Y-L-D-E-9-9-9
at yahoo.com. Stalkers, have fun. As long as it doesn't have a forward listed in the
in the beginning of the title, I'll probably read it, but I am also a-
Or if it says Tub Girl, you probably will not read it then.
No, no, no, I've seen Tub Girl too many times. I don't mind. I'm a freak.
And I am an IT guy, so don't try to send me viruses, otherwise I will bring hell on your computer.
Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match. Here we go.
Last week in the Orange Lawn's Radio Cage Match, Loki won it with an old Orange Lawn's Radio favorite,
a.k.a. Midihead in the track is House of Joy. Remember the cage match works this
way. Three songs are put into the cage match and you guys vote for your
favorite and the winning song goes in a rotation all week long on Orange Lounge
Radio Live. Alright so here we go you guys get to pick remember you get your
vote and you get a clip of last week's winner because you were listening last
week right so you already heard this song so you only get a clip. So here it is
Song number one that you can vote for tonight a clip of monolithic house of joy
And the night will also shine
The beat of the world pounds upon your back
And it's beating on my back
Like your life spreads you to the right
Left here to die
If I live
You'll raise me
You hold the key to the house door
Enter and leave all your sorrow
Here is the key to the house door
Come in and build your tomorrow
Is waiting for you
You don't have the love to muddy
to balance the gothy beats of monolithic. So my pick is a band called Jevene and
the song is called Don't Walk Away. So here it is and I hope you won't walk
away from it. It's song number two, Jevene, Don't Walk Away, here in the Orange
on her new page match.
Will you hear that from me when I need to go to home?
Baby, don't misunderstand, I still want you for my man
I just need you, before I miss my love
Don't walk away
One way, I know one way
No no, don't walk away
I'll be right back for you
There are other things that I like to hear
You bet you're my first baby, love to have exhausted me
Won't you feel your love?
So I'll be for sure
Don't let it need me, baby
It's just every night
It's only time to smile over your eyes
Will you be there for me?
And I need someone to hold
Baby, don't misunderstand me
I still want you for my man
I just need you like that
Because I am with my love
Don't know how I'll be
Won't hurt you, no
Go all the way
You never told me for a change
I want you for me
I need a little time
Before I ever give my life
Don't walk away
I'll be right there for you
Be right there for you
I've got all this love waiting just for you I just gotta know that your love is true
Can't get what it was in the end of my life
Wanna be your girl, not towards the good side
In time to get back to my love
Your high will be enough for me
And when I need someone to hold me
Baby, don't misunderstand
I still want you for my man
I just need you for me
Before I invent my love
Don't walk away
don't walk away
alright that was song number two, Jeeveen don't walk away and let's see if the folks
in our studio wanted to walk away or walk real close to that song.
Doug Child, what did you think of Don't Walk Away?
I thought it was a nice trancy song, you know.
Kind of uplifting for the mood I'm in.
I liked it.
Wow, you're usually full of hatred for our Cagemats picks. Yeah, but you know, I'm full of
hatred when I walked in the door today, and you know, you fasted away a song that kind of uplifted me a bit.
Oh, okay.
Don't Walk Away.
Jeeveen, Don't Walk Away.
Or maybe JAVINE, I don't know.
J-A-V-I-N-E. I want to say JAVINE, so that's what I'm going to say.
How about HAVINEA?
HAVINEA. Alright, give it a score.
Uh, I'll give it about a 7 right now.
You know, when I first heard that song, I would have given it like an 8, but I really like that song a lot more, the more I listen to it.
Uh, it's very DDR-ish. It reminds me of Test, actually, a lot.
So I give it a 9. Actually, no, I want to give it a 9, too.
You know what? Anita, just listen to the song, please.
Oh my, okay. Uh, Loki, what would you give that song? He's holding up eight.
All right, he's too busy cooking to give a shit about anything else right now.
All right, let's get into song number three. Remember, it doesn't matter what we think, it comes down to your guys' votes, so let's find out.
All right, here we go. Chatroom Choice, Big Red Pimp, Ohio Bamani putting this one in on behalf of our chatroom.
Here it is. And this is, you know what, this is okay because this is the kind of song I could kind of see Jamie putting in.
She likes the J-pop and stuff, so this is good.
It's Lark and Seal, and the song is called Ready Steady Go, not to be confused with Apollo Control 1, okay?
So here it is, the Chatroom Choice, song number 3, Lark and Seal, Ready Steady Go. Enjoy!
Riddick said he can't take no back Riddick said he can't take no back
Like a satellite, it's having a lot of fun
Kukitamtay kukukay
Kala kadoyang istayay
Kukitamtay keletemu
the
Bring me back
Ready so that you make them back
Let the fellow race let it go
Alrighty, that was song number three in tonight's cage match.
Lark and Seal, Ready Steady Go.
What do you think? Ready Steady Go or Ready Steady Go Away? What do you think?
It sounds like a pop music song. It sounds like a bunch of pop music songs.
Yeah, I kind of got the guitar freak vibe from it.
Yeah, guitar freak, pop music, same thing.
I kind of liked it. I saw some people in the chatroom said it sounded kind of like Full Metal Alchemist.
alchemist which I kind of would have I believe that's where the song came from
was a FMA fansite what they were saying yeah so you know I kind of liked it for
like a little J poppy song I'll give it about a seven no no I'll give it a nine
Anita don't listen to the name of that song all right I I liked it actually it
was very good I was a little wary about letting the
chow room pick something but I think they did a good job on that one I guess
Angel helped on that I'm supposed to say but anyway, um, I thought it was good. I'd give it about me in a half
It was good. It was very I could see that number body game. Very poppy. I liked it Loki
It just wouldn't be a cage match if Loki didn't hate on something any particular reason why
Alright
like it and ready city go I'm sorry only the pollock of gold song deserves that
title all right all right fair enough I'm glad the chat room could feel get it
get a little bit of what that's like to have your song dissed on look by Loki
because that happens to me every freaking week all right luckily it's not
up to him though it's up to you guys so here we go three songs here's a recap
you can place your votes right after this recap of the three songs you can
vote for tonight song number one monolithic house of joy
song number two you can vote for tonight javine don't walk away
Song number three you can vote for tonight, Lark and Seal, ready, steady, go.
Alright, place, vote now, send a private message to Skye in the chatroom with your vote.
Will Monolithic, a fan favorite, hold on for tonight?
Will the chatroom pick make it in?
After all, it was picked by the chat room, so it kind of gets some instant votes there.
That's kind of unfair, but we'll see.
Or will Javeen kind of sneak in there, end up getting through a split vote, and walk
away with it?
We'll see when we come back for our next break.
But in the meantime, while you guys are voting, you look like you have a thought, Darkchild.
In the famous words of P. Diddy, vote or die.
That's right, vote or die, because you've seen what's happened on this show and nobody
votes.
If one person votes, that's enough for us, boys and girls.
let one vote decide the whole damn thing and I already see at least three locked
in there so plenty of votes already so we'll we'll see all right um let's see I
wanted to open up the skype line to hopefully talk to some of our callers I
just want to check out you know what kind of loot you guys got for Christmas
especially when it comes to games and video games and things like that I'm
kind of curious about what kind of loot you guys got if you are naughty or nice
this year and what Santa brought you instead. So we'll see. I'm gonna open up
the skype line there. Remember if you want more information on the skype line
head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact with us. For those
of you guys that are kind of new to Orange Lounge Radio, the skype line allows
you to talk. All you got to have is a microphone and then you don't have to
have a phone. All you got to do is call over the internet. Please though, before you call
the show, make sure all your pornography torrents are turned off because it will
fudge up your bandwidth and then you we have a hard time hearing you and we have
to hang up on you we don't like doing that so and I know Loki does enjoy
hanging up on people but please turn the porn torrents off before you call and
for the love of God first rule of real radio and it applies to internet radio
as well turn your speakers down when you call in please because we don't need to
hear ourselves okay we we hear enough of ourselves doing this show so please do
not leave your speakers up when you call in so we'll wait and see if anybody
calls in. I do notice that we only have about half the people listening tonight that we
usually do, which is kind of a hit for us. I understand why, probably because a lot of
folks are away doing the holiday thing. They're at mommy's house or grandma's house or something
and they're doing the holiday stuff or they're playing with their new DS or they're doing
something. We just don't have the same amount of people that we usually do, so they'll be
all tuning in Friday on DER Freak to catch what they missed. And that's at 6 o'clock
Pacific Standard Time, if you want to hear that. Also, though, we do have other spinoff
programming here on Orange Lounge Radio, including Diversion, the Orange Lounge Radio remake
show, that's on Monday nights. And Tuesday nights, Pump Up the Volume, featuring Dark
Sakura, hopefully she'll be back, I know she's a little bit sick, but she should be coming
back this Tuesday, we'll see, we'll check in with her, hopefully she's doing alright.
And then Thursday nights, Outside the Box, where myself, Rice Princess, and Lanky Style
I'll talk about all sorts of other video gaming things. Maybe postpone this week. Likeystyle
had some work issues come up. He's not been able to come to the show. I should be here
though. We might just do a Skye experience if nothing else. So we'll see. So that's all
the programming you'll look forward to. And something else brand new. Something brand
new we're looking to roll out this week. But we're not going to talk about it just yet
because we want to make sure all the
t's are crossed and all the i's are dotted
it's a new program
but it's not something you're going to hear
on live 365
but i'm going to spill it for you right now it's going to be the low key fried rice
experience
yes the low key fried rice experience no seriously though there is something we're
working on
uh...
and it involves radio but is not and we love live three sixty five please don't
get us wrong they're great folks
we love having it on there
uh... but we're going to do something a little different
this will answer one of the i would say the number
one requests we get out there from the listeners number one thing people
request of the show we're gonna get taken care of it can we have other other
than the hand jobs what
do they request that they have more dark child
uh... that's not number nine on the list
So we'll see, we're hoping, watch our website, www.orangeonsray.com, watch the website, we
should have more information on that sometime this week.
All right, nobody's calling in the Skype line, you guys are all shy, I see how it is, it's
fine, it's fine.
Well, we only have about half the people we usually do, I think a lot of our regular callers
are out tonight, so fine, whatever.
One other thing I wanted to talk about, I want to talk about some of the things coming
up with the new year.
We've been talking about our predictions for what Bamani's going to look like in the new
year.
those New Year's resolutions you don't intend on keeping? What are some of those New Year's
resolutions you guys are going to be setting that you do not intend on keeping? Or maybe
you do intend on keeping it, I don't know. Low key. Celibacy. Come on, that's not even
something you would ever even suggest. I'm talking about things that you might actually
consider doing. You're not going to be celibate. I think your girlfriend would have a problem
with that or maybe not I don't know if she was you're pretty quick to say that
no do you have any serious like things you want to commit yourself to doing
like I don't know maybe sit-ups
finishing the cabinet finishing your pet project or the arcade cabinet that's
something I know you always say you're gonna do I'm gonna work on the cabinet
I'm gonna work for I'm gonna I'm gonna work on the cabinet oh I got a party
inviting Final Fantasy XI. Darkchild, New Year's Resolutions you don't intend on keeping?
Oh, I intend on keeping all of them. Alright, well anything you want to share with our,
that would be appropriate to share with our listeners? Yeah, basically, uh, to grow up
finally. You know, I've been acting a lot younger than I should be, and it's time I
grew up. Alright, we're gonna go to the phones because we got a call, so let's go to the
the phone. Yay! Hello, you're on Orange Zon's radio. Hello. Hi, who dis? Big Red Pimp. Hello,
Big Red Pimp, how are you? I'm pretty good. Alright, I have to ask, why Big Red Pimp?
Tall, red-headed, and dressed like a demon. Okay, okay, I got it. Now, you were the guy
that picked Lark and Seal Ready City Go for tonight's cage match, right? Yep. Alright,
why did you choose that song? I'm just hooked on Full Metal Alchemist right now. Okay, so
kostjamrh By the way, Loki, I'd vote for your song just
to be civil about it.
kostjamrh Oh, so you voted for Loki's song, just to
be civil?
kostjamrh Yep.
kostjamrh Oh, so even though you went and hated on that
song, Loki, he went and voted for your song. Wasn't that nice of him?
kostjamrh He just realized what the better song was.
kostjamrh Oh snap, what do you have to say about that?
I'd have a dirt quad for you.
How was your Christmas? How was your holiday?
It was pretty good other than getting a migraine for my niece.
Oh, I'm sorry. How old's your niece?
Four years old.
I see. Most four-year-olds do cause migraines. Happens at the arcade all the time.
Did you get what you wanted for Christmas?
Not quite, except for the money.
Well, money's good. What did you ask for for Christmas?
Nothing.
You didn't ask for anything?
Didn't ask for anything because nobody could afford anything.
Well then you can't be disappointed with what you got if you didn't have anything on your list, right?
Exactly.
I'd be disappointed if I asked for nothing and someone gave me something.
He says he'd be a little disappointed if he asked for nothing and then he got something.
At least this year I have heat in the house so I don't have to worry about anything.
There you go, there you go. Now see, me personally, I don't make lists either, but I'm very grateful
with whatever I get, because I always like when people buy me things, because hey, free
stuff.
And see, the best thing about getting money is that you're not disappointed with whatever
you buy.
Exactly. Money is a great Christmas present. There you go. Any New Year's resolutions you
don't intend on keeping?
To get off this caffeine high.
Get off the caffeine high! How much caffeine would you say you drink in a day?
Uh, actually I stopped last week, but I've been kinda dipping out into a little bit of caffeine, so I'm like, one can a pepsi a day.
Well, you know that's why you're getting the migraines there, because you're kicking the caffeine habit, and so caffeine is something that helps prevent migraines.
This happened to me a lot when I kicked the caffeine habit, because I used to be the kind of guy, I would drink, uh, one of those 20 ounce bottles of Mountain Dew, Code Red, every morning to wake up,
And I kicked it, and I got a lot of headaches when I quit, but I'll tell you what, I lost a lot of weight too.
Yeah, I kicked my caffeine habit. I was on, like, six Mocha Frap full bars a day, that's five shots of espresso in there, plus all kinds of other espresso drinks.
I worked at a coffee shop, it was horrible, but when I quit it, you know, I was shaking migraines and everything, but eventually I did.
Oh my God, ugly, ugly.
I had the choice to get off the caffeine because I kind of had a panic attack.
Oh, ouch. Well, I hope, I hope this is the road to getting better for you then.
for you then I think you're gonna find though that you know when you stop
drinking all that soda and if you ever decide that you can switch from Pepsi to
Diet Pepsi that you'll start losing weight because all these calories that's
how I lost anyway of course I gained it all back over Christmas but that's all
right yeah I'll lose it again some suggestions in the chat room as well on
Ram says in our chat room extra water helps with a migraine so drink tons of
water. Okay. All right. Some friendly advice from us here at Orange Songs Radio. All right.
I'll get off here now. All right. Feel better. All right. Bye. New caller. We like it when
new people call in. Yay. And then we don't look so stupid by not getting any calls. That
makes me feel really good. All right. We're going to go to a break. And in this break,
we're going to take care of a few requests. We have some songs that were requested. So
we're going to take care of those. And I'm going to grab myself some fried rice, damn
it because that stuff is smelling very good and I want some, so I'm going to...
It's a little heavy on the soy sauce. What'd you say?
It's a little heavy on the soy sauce, I put a little too much.
That's alright, cancer sounds fine to me, so, don't they say that causes cancer or something?
No, I don't know. One way to find out. Alright, we will go to this break. We're going to tally
up the cage match votes and figure out about that when we come back. We'll get to the FUs
the FUs of the Week at some point as well. We'll be back after this on Orange Launch Radio.
you
Stop before my watch!
SLAM
Story time!
Born to be an angel, you will never surrender
Surrender
Love's the only thing that makes me wonder
It loves me hard
Just because I feel crazy
And every scream of love and pain
I am
Who made me realize my fire
Sky kite is a truth, a free mystery
Like a tender night for you
Sky kite is the best in this world I'll ever
He's a hoe in my heart, in my mind
Yeah!
Shine high,
Like a fruit from a dream that's unreal
It's the best of the time, oh yeah, well
Yeah!
Stay free!
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's favorite perverse baumanni band, Erotic!
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful! Bloody terrible! Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh god, I think my ears are bleeding!
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Oh, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Come on, do it with me.
Yes! Yes, that's it! We have a winner!
show up in January? I don't know. I don't watch it anymore. As I became retarded. Wait
a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. You and the girlfriend used to watch it every
single week religiously. What the hell's going on? Yeah, that was like two years ago. We
also used to watch The Apprentice. Didn't do that anymore. We also used to watch Survivor.
Stopped doing that. Why? Because the shows just got tired. They need to be retired. No,
know you just want to have sex more shows tired and you started watching
queer I know you've already seen all this now they're all reruns all right if
I sound like I'm eating right now it's because I am you should get some of this
dark night it's very good but some of the Loki's fried rice can cut I say
dark night dark child you you people would dark in your name you're all
the same dark dragon dark person dark demon dark you know what I say we just
quit the show we'll take dark night here and go trick-or-treating see you did it
too that's okay cuz remember I have a new nickname now I'm no longer Dark
Child I'm now Dark Aphelion he's now Dark Man no longer a child he has become
become a man. Wait a second, that face sucks. Dark Man 999. I like it. Yeah, let's not confuse
him with that really horrible movie that actually had sequels. Why? Wait, isn't that Donnie
Darko? No, Dark, Dark Man. Remember the stupid guy with his face got burnt off or something
so he makes a new face and it was like the whole Phantom of the Opera thing going but
really stupid. Wasn't that Mel Gibson, the man without a face? No, no, no, this is Darkman.
It's just like another line of the series, just like the Tremors movies, just like Species,
just like, oh, it's another really shitty movie that they've made a lot of, um, The
Relic. No, Nightmare on Elm Street, actually, everything's theatrical. It's just, um, like
uh, Hellraiser. There are all these horror movies that just keep having sequels. Children
of the corn. There are all these horror movies that have tons of sequels that no one ever
hears about. The Leprechaun. It's just like, Leprechaun back in the hood. Leprechaun 2
in the hood, back to the hood. Like they thought they needed, you know we just don't have enough
Leprechaun in the hood, we need more. Who makes these decisions, seriously? Was that
like well this is the best thing we've got i mean is that that bad over there i swear
i mean honestly i have seen horror movies that i don't know how the fuck they get distributed
on tape i mean because i collect these things i have like i say the worst movie i've ever seen
other than manos in the hands of fate because manos i've watched that on mystery science
year 3000 i've watched it by itself no matter what that movie is so boring it will put me
me to sleep every time. You survived watching it with itself, not Mystery Science Theater?
It was hard. Now wait, here we go, here we go. I got a brilliant idea. We're gonna kill
two birds with one stone. Since we are Orange Lounge Radio, and we are a Bamani, supposedly
we're about Bamani in music video games, supposedly, although we know we're really not. We're all
about that. And we like horror movies, and we've decided we need to make a direct-to-video
horror movie here it is we're gonna make ddr-freak the horror movie what do you
think because everybody's been complaining about how they want to see a
ddr-freak movie there you go we'll just have it be a horror movie
we'll film it at golf land and like children will die only they're really
dying that's stupid I think it'd be alright as long as it doesn't have a
sequel called ddr-spot and then Warwick Davis will be in it give me back me pot
of gold. Give me back me tokens! Oh my god. No. No. See, the thing with DDR is it doesn't
translate well at all to cinema. You just, there's no... Okay, you got served. Case in
point. Oh well, actually, wait a minute, I'm kind of fighting myself. Hey, you forgot about
Wasabi. The DDR part of that was tight. I remember that. But anyways, the whole point
of it is that there's no actual story to DDR, so you cannot make a DDR movie.
What if you had DDR? Now, what about the wizard? You can't make a movie about video games,
but they made this, you know, going plot. That wasn't Super Mario Bros. movies. Shut
your damn mouth for a minute. What if they had, it's like the wizard, like that was 15
years ago, and you know how they remake movies once they're, you know, so old? We could remake
the wizard, but now the central thing is DDR. And there's a kid, and it could star DDRbot,
because he's a kid, right? And DDRbot is like this prodigy...
California!
Exactly. He's this prodigy at DDR.
Hey, he took first place at Max Games.
Hey, hey, hey. Okay, here we go. I'm on a thigh here. Okay. So DDRbot, kid who's really
good at DDR, and he's going to Universal Studios for the big DDR tournament. What did they
they call it in the wizard? What was the name of it? Armageddon! DDR Armageddon! Right?
So that'll be the tournament that's at Universal Studios. And then when we get there, DDR Extreme
2! A game that nobody's ever seen! And then like, you could be in it, and you've got like
this device that you have on your feet, the power boots, and it's like, no that's so stupid.
The power boots. They're so bad.
Your idea. And they have little LED lights in them that light up to the music.
Yeah, right. No! And then will DDRbot
like mysteriously just know a secret code for the game even though it just came out?
That could be Mel B. Because Mel B would have the power boots.
Think about it guys. Think about it.
And then like, see, DDRbot and his wacky friends
Don't be the wacky friends. You, me, and Dark Sakura can be the wacky friends, because you remember...
Wait, no, no, no! Shut up!
You remember that in the wizard there was that sassy girl that went with him that,
Ah! He touched my breast! Remember that? That could be Dark Sakura.
Ah! He touched my breast! There you go.
And then, like, you and I can somehow be Fred Savage.
This is great. I'm gonna, I'm freaking writing a letter to Warner Brothers tomorrow.
Well, they did make Catwoman, so why not?
Um, no, honestly, that's a retarded idea.
How's that a horror movie?
Oh, okay, okay.
Okay, and then at the end, everybody gets killed. There you go.
Oh, okay.
Except DDRbot, because he's cool.
But you, me, and Jamie, we die horrible, gruesome deaths.
DDRbot does, like, the whole children of the corn thing, and he's the reason everybody dies.
He, like, goes all Carrie Fisher on them.
kostjamrh There are so many bad movies out there, and they just keep on making them.
Shut up.
How about we just have the Power Glove again? It wouldn't make any sense anyways, so why not?
Okay, the Power Glove allows you to play DDR with your hand.
Like a virtual keyboard?
Like, no, you can wave your hand, and it does things.
You want a sad accent?
Para, para, I don't know.
For like half a second, I think, this week, while I was sitting there bored drooling in front of my computer monitor,
I think I actually thought about trying to use the Power Glove in such fashion.
Here we go. Here we go. I know how we can end the DDR movie, okay?
So DDR Bot wins the tournament, okay?
And then in this classic Hollywood ending, you know those things that would never happen in real life,
this is what happens at the end of the movie. You ready for it?
All the male DDR players get laid.
Even better.
Alien spacecraft come from the sky.
We need you to come to save the world!
yeah i could be like one of those really stupid movies like where you know music
will save the world or something like that one of the alien movies
the tv set a ddr to save the world
yes
the uh... to save the world
and you can have a you can have really horrible riddant
renditions of the ddr characters
like a race like for instance
you know
you
uh... kyle played by uh... sounds like what they have been okay with the
I'm fucking paired, it's really enormous.
Rage can be played by The Rock.
And let's see, Emmy would be played by Angelina Jolie.
I'm liking this so far.
And they could be like the comic relief, like they show up along our journey
and provide that random sage advice.
I'm liking this, I'm going to go write this all down.
Naoki will be played by Harvey Fierstein.
Oh my god you guys! You've gotta go to the DDR tournament and play my song! Oh! I gotta call my mother!
That would be hilarious to have some sort of arena, like Iron Chef, and he would be like the chairman.
You know, cause he's flamboyant like the chairman.
god it's wrong it's so wrong I feel so dirty all right all right
we got comments in our chat room here DJ rama s says by the way there was a there
was an actual DDR movie oh god we beat this thing into death it was really bad
there was there was a plot written for one and Haley Jo Osment was cast for the
role of the hero I don't believe that for half a second I'm sorry that's fake
and Ron not knowing the issue nothing is you I don't know where you got that news
from. Maybe it did come from a legitimate news source, but I'm sorry to say it's a pile
of shit.
Oh, come on! Look at this!
Uh-oh! Yes! Did you know that the Dr. Movie, because DR, what are you looking at? You're
looking at some page over on Tripod.
It's shit. This is not... What the hell are these people doing?
I think it's somebody having the same conversation on AOL that we just had, basically.
Crap.
miss cleo in their movie please please people please miss cleo is so three years ago okay
stop now now she was indeed in ddr vice city no in uh grant the thought of vice city yeah
i like dj ron must like new idea because it's team ddr to battle team pump it up i'm down
for that movie afro played by uh the whole 15 ml jackson the whole last 15 minutes the
movie is them just serving each other back and forth
i'd love it and they can shoot lasers when they have a combo or so i don't
know it's fucking retarded okay alright we're gonna reopen up the skype
actually i think about their is only one way that could there could be a d r
movie and this could actually work
now anyone out there probably read it
it's um... the ten cake motion which is
uh... web comic out there right now and that actually does have a story line
it does involve DDR that would actually translate well into film.
No, here it is, here it is. Kevin Smith writes a DDR movie.
Oh God. And it's just about a bunch of slackers, which is true to life, that go to play DDR
and just, you know, the wacky antics that ensue. There you go.
Is it going to be called Hot Arrow Sex? With sex spelled, you know, S-E-C-X.
There you go. See, I'm full of good ideas here. Just as
This is the only thing. Joel Schumacher is not allowed to direct the DDR movie because he ruins everything he touches! Everything!
He did not ruin the Phantom of the Opera. He put his poo on it a little bit.
I did see the smearing of the poo.
It could have been better.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, what's up?
Hi, who is this?
Outface.
Hi, Outface. Is this THE Outface?
Oh my god, yes. Oh my god.
Oh my god. I don't think you are.
Alright, you have a comment?
Um, that whole movie idea is just not really right. No.
You know what? It's better than half the shit that Hollywood's putting out anyway.
Did you see Crossroads? Did you see it?
Yeah.
Britney Spears, three friends, no. Forget it. I mean, come on.
I would watch the DDR movie 20 times before I'd watch it.
There's only one situation I want to see with Britney Spears and three friends, and that wasn't Crossroads.
although crossroads could be a title
i'm sorry michael did you have another comment
how is it
if you had to get a hell of a lot better actors then
i know i know you'd have to get some decent actors we would just have to get
unknowns basically it would star us is the deal
how was your holiday
that was alright did you get any good stuff
did santa bring you some good stuff
xbox about it but there you go are you gonna play ultra mix too
not bloody likely
any particular reason why
do you even play ddr sir?
do you even play ddr?
yeah, ddr
but
ddr
guitar freaks, crap like that
there you go, but not interested in ultra mix too
no not really
It's not Japanese enough for you, or what's the deal?
Eh, it was alright.
Maybe it's the console that it plays on as the size of a house.
Alright, then what games are you gonna play? Are you a Halo person? Is that what it's all about?
Oh yeah, Halo is the shit. There you go, you're a Halo person. I understand that.
I played Halo 2 for two weeks, and then I gave up.
Cause I suck.
Any New Year's resolutions you don't intend on keeping?
Oh, hell yeah. Like what?
I'm not spending so much money in the arcade, but that is so not going to work.
It so doesn't work for me every year either.
Unless the arcades turn to shit, then it's easy to not go.
Or they get overrun with children.
Anything else?
Nah. Have a good one, boss.
Alright, thanks for calling. Have a good one.
Later.
He had a lot of background noise.
It sounded like he was calling us from the middle of a dishwasher. I don't know.
We're in the middle of our hallway with the fan.
The winner of tonight's cage match really shouldn't be too hard to figure out. You let the chat room pick, and the chat room wins.
Yeah, I get to pick a better song.
Ready, steady, go.
In your face, Loki.
In your face.
You got served.
I won last week, what do I care?
I was making rice.
I'm full, man.
I am so goddamn full.
Alright.
We're gonna go to a break, you guys.
When we come back, we are going to do the FUs of the week,
and I know you guys have probably got quite a few things
that you're a little bit angsty about this week,
especially with the holidays.
So go ahead and send in those FUs of the week now,
And, uh, we'll get to those when we come back after this break, featuring music, since he kinda got me thinking about UltraMix 2.
I think we're gonna play some stuff from UltraMix 2. How's that sound, you guys?
I'm not...
Shut up. We're gonna play some UltraMix 2 stuff and we'll be back.
We're gonna start it off with I Feel, the junk circuit mix. We'll be back after this.
Do you feel it?
Can you hear it?
You
Some people say I'm wasting time, but they don't really know
Like what I see, see what I got, give me such a flow
Hey, hey, hey
I'm sitting on the Roman back porch, all by myself
The Lord, the King, the Mary Jane, but I'm with somebody else
Hey hey hey stop, look and listen baby, that's my philosophy
It's called ruffin' neck and baby that's alright with me
Hey hey hey baby that's alright with me
Ruffin' neck and baby that's alright with me
Maybe only the strongest survive Or the miseries of life
Only factors to keep you away In the soul and feet of the broken shield
Don't keep on lookin' the wrong way Don't stop, don't fear you'll run away
The world is flying, baby, that's up to none
Don't keep on living, don't stop, even the devil is free
Get you in the seat of the top three, baby, that's up to none
I need you there, cause I need you there all the time
Cause I keep on lookin' up on me, thinkin' don't stop, don't free
Run away from all the fire, baby I'm stuck tonight
I keep on lookin' up on me, thinkin' don't stop, don't free
So keep on living, don't stop giving them dabbles for free.
Get your hands up in the heartbreak, baby, that's enough.
Baby, that's enough.
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know.
Can I please have your first name only and your birthdate, please?
Uh, well, no. I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not. But what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Zakra?
Hi, dear. How are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Skye?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember the pill, all right?
I'm seeing some forgetting, possibly, and I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
Right. Okay, well, thanks for being on Orange Lounge Radio today.
I don't mean to sidetrack your question here, but who are all of these nosy people,
outside influences I'm seeing around you by the moon card?
Get away from me.
Orange Lounge Radio. Helping to free your mind and spirit.
I'm Miss Cleo. I love you.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, that Miss Cleo thing. So four years ago, right?
We can't hear you, buddy. Is the mic on?
It's a dead mic, buddy. We can't hear you on it.
That's our guest mic. It just doesn't work anymore.
Holy shit, dude, that was funny as hell. I'd never heard it before
That's pretty good. You know, it's old though because it talks about interns zero on there
That guy's been m.i.a for like a year and a half now, so
Yeah, I'd well we just haven't seen him here on orange launch radio quite some time. So that's too bad
All right. Anyway, we are going to probably get into the F use of the week here pretty soon
But I wanted to check in with Loki
Who looks like he's purchasing Russian mp3s right now?
now. Plenty of tattoo for everybody, no I'm kidding. I just want, excuse me, I have the
hiccups here, so before I cough up a piece of rice here, uh, SimSceneNews, what's going
on in the SimScene this week, my friend? Um, not a, still, DDR Maniacs is down and gone.
Merry Christmas, it's not there anymore. DDR UK, they're saying that the UltraMix 2 and
will be released when it's released. That's the official word.
Um, they were
upgrading their servers, so I don't know what that means as far as release time.
But it's still out there, still in limbo, should be almost done. I think they're just finishing up on
basic,
or not basic, the beginner steps.
And that's pretty much it. Um, because now I guess there's beginner doubles
from what I've heard. Um,
so they're doing that and, um, other than that there's some pretty good stuff on
Pomani style right now. Like I said, and I don't know why I do this, maybe as a service
to the community or what, but I actually listen to every single Max remix that's submitted
to Pomani style. And I'm afraid to say that nothing good has been recently submitted,
sadly enough. But, there has been some good stuff. I'm trying to remember who submitted
It was a, um, there was a remix of Healing Vision that was actually pretty good. It was, like, Healing Vision 2000, and I can't remember who submitted that, but I'm looking that up right now.
Um, other than that, there was a few other sim files and a Stoic remix, um, there was, um, some other stuff, um, what was it, a, uh,
Before You remix, and that was okay. But anyways, the guy I was talking about is, um, looks like DokoRowRider.
And, um, he's got a bunch of cool sim files here, and you can go check them out. Um, you can actually, he's on the, like, the second or third page on there, and you'll see Healing Vision 2000.
You can just, um, search under the author and pull up all of his files that he's made, and they're pretty good.
And, um, I was playing, I forget what other one, I think it was the last DDR Extreme UK release or something like that.
Um, or DDR something, I don't remember what it was, but anyways, it was, um, there were some videos, um, just like top 40 crap, and that was pretty cool too, I was playing those.
But as far as anything major going on, nada. Nothing from last week. Nothing new.
Oh, I guess there's some stupid, uh, there's some contest going on for myself about Rizlim and making sim files for that in the remix.
Yeah. But anyways, other than that, nothing. Nothing else. So.
But definitely check out the sim files I recommended and, um, yeah. That's it.
Alrighty, well, sounds like the Sims scene is kind of on vacation for Christmas there.
It's too bad about, I'm noticing a lot of Belmondy sites are down lately. Jason was
pointing a few out to me before the show. They're grooved stats, down. DM Ashura, down.
So, what can you do? It happens. Bandwidth kind of stinks. Very interesting. I'm surprised
there are no official, or well, there isn't going to be official, but nobody has put together
their Ultramix 2.0 steps files yet. Nobody's done that?
DDR-UK is on top of it. They will be done soon. I think they are done right now. The
problem with them is they have so many people working on submitting stuff. They are like
perfectionists when it comes to this stuff, so they're not going to release it until it's
perfect. So, you know, that's good to know, but it will take a little longer to release.
That's all. I remember though, Loki, when DDR Max USA or something came out, you did
a half-assed job. It was pretty decent. You had everything ripped, you had the song, you
had the steps. It worked for me. You had it out within days. But these guys, it's been
a couple months now. That's because I just don't give a damn anymore. I could have had
these out a couple days after it came out, but I just don't give a damn because they
have better ways of doing it now that with UltraMix and on the Xbox, there's actual ways
it can rip the files straight from there so you get, you know, perfect music rips, perfect
graphic rips. I just am not interested anymore. I don't really care about ripping files because
I know someone will eventually do it and it's not a big deal to me. I played them on the
Xbox, whatever. I don't really care anymore. All right, well let's move on to the FUs of
the week, shall we? This is the part of the show where we get a little bit ranty, and
this is the part where I would ask Jamie, why is it that we do the FUs every week? And
she would say something like, because we're not going to take it anymore.
Obviously Dark Sacra is not here tonight, she's sick, we hope she gets better soon.
So on Dark Sakura's behalf, I will give an F.U. to viruses and diseases that won't go
away and things that ruin your Christmas season because you're sick.
That sounds pretty fair.
Oh, and because Dark Sakura usually has the F.U. to stupid drivers, F.U. to unruly children's
parents, and F.U. to stupid people that call her at work.
About to wrap it up?
Sounds good to me.
lucky
okay
first off
like that don't you
first off fuck you to slow ass drivers
i felt like i was stuck inside the movie office space today
you know fucking driving in a lane the guy is driving so damn slow
you go around him into the next lane then that guy slows down the other guy speeds up
go back the other guy slows down the other guy speeds up
I just wasn't winning today at all.
Then there's the people that don't fucking look where they're going.
Then they just turn in front of you and they're,
Oh!
Abby, hit me!
That's your fault.
I'm going.
Because I have my truck.
And I support Bush.
Therefore, I'm going.
I don't know, whatever. They're stupid.
Stupid jaywalkers. They're like,
Oh, I almost got hit.
Well, you know, you should maybe cross
the crosswalk
or on a corner.
the fall of the traffic laws
uh... but people believe that
where they need to be
when i feel these people breaking the law as far as
turning left on you know
right turn only
you know when the stuff like that
and they're fucking just never there but i don't
and jerry
did you start
haven't prepared you read a stoplight in front of the christie cream
heaven forbid that happened, you know, then you're fucked.
But anyways,
um, also,
fuck you to the lack of pants.
I need more pants. I'm running low on pants, and that makes me sad. I only got this year
for Christmas with shirts,
when I need pants to go with those shirts.
So, god dammit, no pants makes me sad.
And, um, also,
fuck you to the lack of parties in Final Fantasy XI, because I have to wait for hours at a time,
my Mario 64 on my DS while waiting, you know, to get a party because it's taking forever.
And retarded people, because retarded people must play online games for some reason. Somehow
they make it through, much like society where, you know, some people somehow make it through
our education system despite the fact that you're retarded. I guess we need someone to
with the burgers then, don't we? And I'm all done. I'd like to put an F.U. out to the chair
that collapsed under the weight of my own ass. I'd like to put an F.U. out to Wal-Mart
for producing that chair. I'd like to give an F.U. to myself for shopping at Wal-Mart
when I purchased that chair. I'd like to give an F.U. to Best Buy. What the fuck kind of
store doesn't have shopping carts when I need them I asked if I could have a
shopping cart and they looked at me like I was a damn foreigner speaking another
language I've seen shopping carts at Best Buy's before oh I know why you
don't have any shopping carts right now because you're putting all your fucking
clearance items in there you guys sell tables put all the clearance item on a
table and let me have the damn shopping cart because of your ass I had to carry
That was not fair.
And also F you to the fact that there was nobody around willing to help me out.
So when I walked over to the other department I found another guy
I said hey could you help me get this chair and he's just like.
Well that's not my department. Let me see if I can find somebody who can help you.
So I went over to the other department.
My department ends like about an inch away from where you're at.
You see, if you look at the markings on the floor, this is the car stereo department in
the blue area, okay?
And where you are, in the white area, that's home furnishing.
This is my department, and you're in that department, okay, so I can't help you even
though I'm five feet away from you, okay?
Okay, sorry.
Sorry.
So I finally had to go over to the dishwasher area to get some guy to help me, and he was
kind enough to get up on the ladder, bring down the chair for me, and he even rung it
up right there so I didn't have to stand in that atrocious line, and the chair only cost
half as much as we thought it would. So thank you to that guy, and unfortunately I did not
catch the guy's name, but I will know him in the future, because he's the only black
guy I've ever seen working at a Best Buy. Ever.
Also, I'd like to give an F.U. to the fact that I have to go back to work tomorrow, because
And I'd like to give an FU to Nintendo for putting out a DS before they had any really good games really available for it.
And FU to Ping Pals because it's not even a game. It's like, I mean, not that I haven't kind of been playing it because I'm addicted to the top ten game they have in it.
But what the hell? When do I get to blow something up? That's not cool.
Alright, anyway, let's move on and we'll move on to Darkchild, who will remember that it's only a three-hour show. He's worse than Jonas, boys and girls.
The following views are the expressed views of me, Darkchild, and are not at all endorsed by Orange Lounge Radio.
Fuck you to Daniel. I don't know, you're not on these forums or nothin', I don't think you listen, so I don't give a fuck. Fuck you.
You. You know, you say you know what the fuck I'm going through and how the fuck you do that shit this summer.
Fuck you, man. I fucking despise you.
You went after a woman who had a man. Fuck you.
Fuck you to my mother for giving me a shitty ass gift.
You know, she gave me calling cards because I racked up a phone bill with my girlfriend a month ago.
You know, about six hundred to eight hundred dollar phone bill. So I get calling cards for Christmas.
Christmas. She bought them three days after my girlfriend broke up with me, so uh, fuck
you, Moe. Nice gift. Fuck you to some stupid ass on File Planet who posted up my friend's
GTA San Andreas, or GTA Vice City video, as though it was GTA San Andreas video made in
Legos and taking credit for doing it himself instead of my friend doing it. And also fuck
you to File Planet because that video was posted, now Brickclick.com has gone over bandwidth
so I can't even check that site out. And finally, fuck you to the turn of events that have occurred
in my life. I thought I had more time to change things, apparently I don't, so fuck you to
life in general. That's all, have a nice day.
Alrighty, let's move on then to the chatroom FUs.
Ahh, DDR Angel says, F you to having no internet from Wednesday to Saturday, F you to being
sicker than hell on Christmas and f you to not being able to spend time with my
friends on Christmas but I was with you all in spirit oh sorry hairball out phase
would like to say fuck you to DDR extreme USA very short and sweet dark
night says f you to too much damn Christmas movies all week long I mean
And I'm tired of A Christmas Story. 24 hours. Damn.
You know what, I agree. A Christmas Story, one of the greatest Christmas
if not movies, but Christmas movies of all time.
We used to watch it every Christmas Eve, but goddamn has that movie even played out.
It's time for them to make a sequel or a remake or do a new Christmas movie that we can all
relate to with a dysfunctional family. Jaded2004 says, F you to the person who wished
who wished for a white Christmas cuz we got two feet of snow and DJ Rama s says
a giant fu to the fuckhead that tried to kick my ass at work ha ha ha sucks to be
you because your ass is behind bars by the way from this Best Buy employee fuck
you all smirk jerk all right that's it pretty short on the F use tonight oh
Oh, there might be a couple more. Actually, I don't think so. I think that's about it.
Oh, no. Outfaze wanted to add a fuck you to DDR Freak for no good reason, apparently.
So just a general F.U. I guess he was banned. I don't know.
Then I'll just add a for no reason a fuck you to Jason Coe and I don't know why.
Aren't you kind and generous and full of love. You know this show is played on DDR Freak occasionally?
Isn't that kind of shooting us in the foot there, you dumbass?
I gave a disclaimer about my statements already.
Loki?
There's a new quest in Final Fantasy 11
that they just started after the Kristen event ended
with goblins that ride chocobos.
Who cares? I do!
has a late F.U. that I'm just now getting. F.U. to Nintendo for making the DS $20 more
than how much money I got for Christmas. Oh, that's too bad. Sucks to be you. Now I'm getting
all these F.U.s. You guys are late. You're tardy. Sign in, please. Misty says I can't
be in an F.U. mood because I got to play in the groove today. And Outface says there was
no reason behind his F.U. to D.E.R. freak. He's just bored. And I know when I'm bored,
I just sit here and think to myself, God, fuck DDR Freak. I mean, they ruined my life.
What? I don't get it. I'm a dark child.
I understand, you know. I just throw out fuck yous to random people at times.
Shut the fuck up!
Fuck you, Rob.
on the radio because I can. Fuck, fuckity, fuck, fuck, fuck. On that note, I think it's
a very good time to go to a break. What do you guys think? You guys don't fucking care.
All right, we're going to go to a break. When we come back, more randomness here on Orange
Lounge Radio. In this break, since I think it seems appropriate, we're going to do some
music from DDR Extreme USA. How's that sound? Tee-hee. And we'll be back after this bit
bit of music enjoy your listening to orange lounge radio
I bet you finally, I'm gonna be angry tonight, oh
I bet you find the end to deny it
Oh
Some little toy, some little toy It's comin' back to day to night
So little time, so little time
He asked for me
So little hope, so little hope
And I'm praying for love
So little time, so little time
But not so late
A thousand years, a thousand days
So give me love
I'm coming in the dark
I'm praying for love
Love
Praying for love
Love, love, love
So leave me alone
Love
Say baby love
More than love
Yeah yeah
Say baby love
To love
Yep to love
If they feel loved
Simply being loved, is more than enough
You touched my body once, it burns, you still assault me
Never forget, never again will be
I cry
Out of my head
And I don't know what I found
Over and over
I'm waiting for a gentle wave, a gentle wave, a gentle wave
I'm a sidewalk, I'm a city, I'm a tree, just a whisper
Busy people, going nowhere, see me soaking my rain
No compassion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in a basement waiting for our long ranges
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio
We are back here on Orange Launch Radio. We've got about a half hour of show left to kill here.
What are we going to do? I don't know, we're going crazy here.
You can join us in chatroom, www.orangelaunchradio.com, we've got chat.
You know, we're just kind of running on lower batteries than usual,
just because we're down one host, A, although Darkchild is kind enough to be here filling in tonight,
and B, just the fact that we've only probably got about half the people listening that we usually do,
usually do, so we don't have quite as much interaction as we're used to. But that's alright,
we do appreciate those of you guys that came out on this evening to show up and support
Orange Lounge Radio, it happens. What kind of stuff are you looking at over there, Loki?
I noticed you were reading something about, now this has nothing to do with Balmani, but
a lot of people say ZSNES. Oh, the first release in two and a half years for ZSNES has been
released with a bunch of, like, fixes and crap. So I'm just checking that out. I'm just
I'm reading Slashdot, because that's what I do, and they have an article. They had one that's at the very bottom of the page, actually, that's about overclocking a Nintendo entertainment system.
Yes, you can overclock an NES. Why the fuck would you want to overclock an NES? You know, an NES is beyond me.
They did mention, though, that there are some games, though, that lagged out, normally. You can play them without lag, though. But, um, other games just fuck up.
But that was the best part about the Nintendo system, was the games that glitched out.
We would get games dirty just to play them so they would glitch out, and it's like a whole new challenge.
Akari Wars, man, so many hours of entertainment played, you know, just from that game glitching out.
Oh, hey, look, Player One just fell behind the backdrop, and now he's running underneath everything.
It was so much fun, and it's just crazy.
Why didn't you just start putting random codes in the Game Genie?
I did that what Ninja Guy did.
It was cool. The game worked fine when I was running and shooting ninja stars and stuff.
But the moment I jumped, I went under the stage and somehow
flew to the end of the stage, but still under the ground.
This is so much shit that's glitched out. Those are the
days. Now we have these new games
That game is so awful. I need to play some Driver 3 tonight. I've decided I've got to go back and play that game just because it's so bad and so glitchy that it's worth it.
Oh, and there's another thing here. You know how they have all those free iPod links?
I'm really curious about this article. I'm looking on Slashdot. I'm actually clicking
on it, trying to find out more about what's going on here, because I know this is a big
thing going on right now, and on all the DDR sites, you see it in people's signatures.
Win, win a free iPod! Or, not win, but, you know, sign up for this crap and get a free
iPod. Sign up for this and that and get a free iPod. But, it's actually worked. We know
people that have gotten free iPods because of it so you can't deny that the
system works. So I'm kind of wondering what I'm seeing here on Slashdot about
what is this? They're saying there's fine print or something? Are they gonna have to
give the iPods back? What's going on? Are they gonna charge credit card
unknowingly or something? What's going on? No, I'm not. I'm making that stuff up. But
I'm kind of curious. What's the hidden message here on the iPod thing?
Now, granted I myself I wanted an iPod. I just ended up buying one. It was a
Christmas presents myself, whereas I probably could have done the refer six friends and
get one thing. I just, I get nervous about that kind of stuff. I mean, and there's nothing
against you if you want to do it and stuff, but it just, it makes me nervous, like giving
my, I mean, and granted I could set up a fake email address or just put the one down where
I get all my spam anyway, but I just kind of go, eh, something, I feel like, it's just
too good to be true. You know what I mean? It's just too damn good to be true. There's
got to be something hidden. And even though I have no right to think that because I know
people that have done this and have gotten away with it, I just, what the hell? Any thoughts
I'll give you? Have you been able to find anything on this?
No. I don't really care. I don't do these. I don't, you know, I just don't buy this stuff
and I really, you know, I don't know, whatever. I personally do not want an iPod and, I don't
know. Whoa. Oh, yeah. I forgot to mention, there is also a site that gives away free
money. Free money. Free money. Free money for doing this iPod thing. In fact, this person
right here is just saying, this one link that they had on there, that was saying, just wanted
I wanted to add one more thing. I got off the phone with my girlfriend. She received a $500 gift card from IRC a few days ago. Now she's $550 richer. I think I can say with absolute certainty that the Incentive Rewards Center is both legitimate and attentive to their customers.
I don't know what the fuck the, the um, whatever, the IRC, incentive reward center, whatever.
But um, I don't know. Whatever, I mean, if you want to go ahead and risk it, try to get free shit, just know for a fact, and this is pure economics, nothing in life is free.
Does it say in the small print, like somebody's suggesting in the chat room here, I think
it's a moo in the chat room right now, says, I think people are unknowingly selling their
souls for those free iPods. Is there something in the small print about having to give up
your soul? Because seriously, where are they, I mean, I understand where they're making
the money. They're making their money off the people that can only refer four friends
and can't get that fifth friend, as frustrating as it must be to them or whatever. That's
So they're making their money, but I don't know.
What I think it is is they're not paying some kind of research firm to give them a bunch
of email addresses.
Instead, it's much cheaper than to just give out iPods to get the email addresses.
But everybody's giving a fake email address.
Everybody I know who's done this hasn't used their real email address.
So you know, I don't know.
Weird stuff.
Alright, well maybe one day I'll participate in one of these get rich quick schemes for the sake of the show and I'll let you know how it goes.
It's kind of funny though, we're having all this chatting about iPods because of something that I'm not going to talk about right now.
But it's just interesting that we're having all this talk about iPods.
Yes, it was creative foreshadowing.
Alright, now people think we're going to be giving away iPods.
No, sorry, we don't have the budget for that, sorry.
I have an iPod, and I like my iPod. It's cool. It does bang up a little easy, though, because
you'll notice now, granted, I don't have a protective case or anything, and I do take
this to my car with me, but you'll notice there's already little scratches there showing
up on the screen, and look at this. Look at this. Right there, where the dot meets the
wheel there a little bit of a bit of stripping there of the cheap plastic
iPods are like Korean horse to me I'm not touching them because they're dirty
Wow you know what though I figured that you know now the chat rooms all teasing
me because I went and bought an iPod and I could have gotten a free one but you
You know what? It felt good to walk into the Apple store and walk in there and lay my credit
card down and go, Daddy wants an iPod today. Can you gift wrap it for me so I can take
it home and open it up and make it feel like it's Christmas?
I don't know. Now we've started this war about all these
other multimedia devices that are supposedly better than iPods. You know what? That's great.
That's just fabulous. Have fun with your devices. I am more than happy with my freaking iPod.
Thank you.
You know what rocks? It's the greatest thing ever. It's called an MP3C player. Okay? You
put it in your car and you can burn MP3s to a disk and you can play like hours and hours
of stuff. And guess what? They only cost like $20. Don't buy the iPod. Do not subject yourself
to something that looks cute. Cuteness does not mean functional.
Haha, I need to interrupt here for a minute. I had the MP3 CD player in my car, it worked
for a week, and then it didn't work anymore. That's why they're so cheap, because they
don't fucking work. And you burn them, and then they skip all the time because you have
them sitting on the seat, or wherever I would stick that thing, it would skip, skip, skip,
skip, because MP3 CDs just... Bullshit! No, you're bullshit! Those CD players have like
a two-minute skip time. You'd have to literally throw that out of a plane for the skip.
Hey, speaking of iPods, did they ever fix the battery problem with the iPods? Because
if not, you know, you're going to get, like, 16 months use out of it, and then you're screwed.
You're fucked. Supposedly, yes, they fixed the battery problem
with the iPods, but this is why I bought my iPod at the official Apple store, so that
if anything goes wrong with it, I will take it back and demand a new one. But the battery
life, it could be better.
Well, seeing as the dude's got the official response from Apple's customer service saying
that he had to purchase a brand new one or a refurbed one because they don't have replacement
batteries and they won't replace them, I don't think buying it from the Apple store will
matter.
No, from what I understand, they do the replacement battery thing now.
They do that.
And I know that they, I asked about it and they said that they sell the batteries or
something like that now.
So, suck it.
suck it. Big old untrue rumor for 2005 DDR game coming to the N-Gage. Oh, N-Gage best
selling game system ever also, just so you know. What? I said untrue. Is somebody actually
proclaiming this that N-Gage is best selling system ever? No. What's that, though? I was
gonna say tell me who they are so I can point and laugh at them appropriately, please. Thank
p0k3smot42o you wanna play music? what music you wanna play?
Um, let's see. Well, we've got, um, Healing Vision 2000, which is pretty good. Pretty good. I don't know if this is the actual name for it, because this guy, Dokurider or whatever, he does take a lot of songs, though, that are not his, and I've renamed them, but make sim files for him. I think he's foreign, so he doesn't know what the names of the songs are, so he just kind of makes one up.
But anyways, you might be finding them on online, you know, file sharing sites.
Um, but, anyways, we're gonna start off with Healing Vision 2000, and I'll try that one. So it's pretty cool.
Anyways, that was pretty cool. Now, some other things I just, you know, listening to that
reminded me. I forgot to mention the new stuff coming to you from the verse systems and there's
a lot of stuff actually to mention. Four new albums were announced this week. Starting
off with D8, which is the brand new Diversisms album, all Bomani remixes to the set. That
should be coming out pretty soon. And we're actually going to play some of those samples
from that, and they're pretty cool. I haven't listened to these new ones though that we're
going to play, so it should be interesting. This first one is an Ecstasy remix called,
Let's see here, what was the title? It was Ecstasy, Fly, Air, Heaven, is the name of that.
So, um, you'll have to check this one out real quick here, let's see.
Say it was a little sample of that. The other one I wanted to play real quick was a Gentle Stress remix called Gentle Sample.
And that's going to be on disc 2 of that mix that's going to be coming out.
Other ones that have been announced, we don't have any samples yet up before it.
And I think this was just announced at the end of this week. A new one, Dear Mr. Taka, which should be pretty good.
That's also gonna go with Dear Mr. 180 and Dear Mr. Desire. So it should be pretty good. All talking music, I would assume.
A new one also they're gonna be working on, which is Diverse vs. Capcom, which should be pretty sweet.
All remixes of your favorite, you know, side-scroller fighters.
And then also, there's another, another title they announced, which is Fujitsu, which I
believe is just actually just one of the artists. The guy did the remix of the Safari. You remember
that one that's in Food Mix needed that. Oh God. Well we have to listen to this. We'll
We'll listen to this next, but, uh, it's one of Rob's nightmares come alive.
Jesus, what?
Ahh!
So anyways, um, the next one, like I said, uh, gentle stress, so we'll see what the example is.
Okay, but the creme de la creme of the Fujitsu one, we teased about this last week, I believe,
maybe even worse than that one Rob was mentioning. God, I hate those stupid sim files, you know,
cross between songs, well this one, Max 321 Stars. Sadly enough, it was made.
p0k3smot42o
kostjamrh Anyway, some things just shouldn't be done. I don't care if it's by a really great Japanese remixing group, and I'm sure the guy's done some other really good files. But, uh, jeez. Alright, what's this?
btw this is some other stuff, I don't really know what this is, Love is Eternity original extended mix
uhh yeah, it is a course k album, they're also gonna be distributing the course k album looks like
so uhm, yeah, lots of good stuff coming to you from diverse systems, unfortunately they have not updated their goddamn english page
so we can't order any of this, unless you're in japan, that fucking sucks
but that's the way life goes I guess. Still under construction English page but I'm hoping, hoping
that once this does eventually you know once they update their English page
we'll be able to order all this wonderful stuff.
All right well I think that's about gonna wrap up tonight's show so um that's it you guys um thank
you very much for tuning in tonight and uh we're gonna go around and get oh yeah Darchout do you
you have another thought here? Once again, anyone who could offer me advice, email address
dchild999 at yahoo.com. That's d-c-h-y-l-d-e-999 at yahoo.com. And if you forget that address,
just go give a shout out on the forums and Darkchild will find you and take you under
his wing and breastfeed you. No, I'm just kidding. All right, let's go around and get
everybody's final thoughts of the day. Darktowd, your final thought?
Die, Daniel, die. Loki, your final thought?
I'm full and tired. And my final thought is, I don't care if it's
a few minutes early, we're spent, so goodnight everybody. The final word of the show, one
One word to sum it all up, we're going to give, as soon as I queue up the actual outro
to the show, which would be a good idea, the final word to the show that will sum it all
up, we're going to give it to the one, the only, Dark Child.
So think of one word that's going to sum it all up for you, and the show.
But also we do hope, Dark Sacker, if you're out there listening somewhere, although you
might be asleep by now, I don't know, hope you feel better.
Feel better soon.
The show just isn't the same without you, trust me.
And we'll see you guys next week. Hopefully Dark
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to St. Samia Street?
How to get to St. Samia Street?
Hello, Kermit the Frog here, and welcome to St. Samia Street.
I'd like to tell you what today's letter is, but I am really f***ed up.
Hey, Big Bird, do you know what today's letter is?
Sure, Kermit. Today's letter is...
joint.
Uh, Big Bird, joint is not a letter.
It is a word.
Sorry, kids. Today's letter is three.
Big Bird, uh, three
he's a number exactly the number three which is how many joints i've smoked today
Kermit are you with me
thank god i'm stoned me too
Thank you, Elmo. How about we say our ABCs, Big Bird?
Okay.
A, B, C, C, E, F, R, G, Q, K, C, R, E, F.
I forgot what we were doing, Cramit.
Did you just call me Cramit?
Yes, I did.
Cramit the Frog here.
Okay, okay.
That's all the time we have for today.
Goodbye, kids.
Today's show was brought to you by the letter, um...
Bong.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth is the part
after the credits have faded to black and we're still here wanting attention from you
guys. You know what? We literally only had not even half the usual listeners that we've
had. I swear to God, we better start seeing an increase in people coming back to the station
or we're quitting. It's quitting time. I'm just making empty threads. I don't know what
we can do about it. I guess just because it's the holidays, but man, those were some, that
That was a sad turnout tonight, you guys.
Cry, cry, cry. I'm very upset with you all.
Loki, any final post-credit things you wanted to get out?
No. I'm tired.
I just feel drained. All that food.
9.30.
That's three and a half hours of party time.
That's what I thought.
Addict.
Although I'm thinking very similar thoughts here.
But yeah, I've just eaten so much I just want to curl into the bed and take a big fat cat nap.
Emphasis on fat.
I got new flannel sheets for Christmas and they're comfy.
They're very comfy.
Your flight lights make me sleepy.
Mine too. And, I don't know, all that's in it, okay, that's in my fried rice, is just, um, you know, rice, obviously, steamed rice.
Um, egg, lots of garlic, lots of butter, lots of soy sauce, and pork.
I don't know which one of those made me tired.
That was pork? I don't eat pork.
Oh well. Don't!
At least I'm not Muslim, so I'm not going to hell.
Oh well, it was tasty pork.
So yeah, I don't know. I fucking hate my printer.
I have to get new cartridges for it, and they're so tiny that they run out in like an hour, and they're like $20 each.
I tried to print on your printer yesterday and it wouldn't work, so I just said fuck it, because I bought tickets on Fandango.
For one you don't need to bring the ticket thing to it's not hooked up to my computer anymore
I cuz I unplugged it for the extra long USB cable that was plugged in this god knows what else. I don't know something else and
Anti-bank anyways, so you're screwed three times
Well shit
I need to play more DDR. I need to play anything in general
general my friend and I beat San Andreas within three days with 40 hours and then
we beat it 100% three days later
I'm cheating the entire way it makes it so much you know so much better and have
you ever been on a motorcycle I kid you not this happened to me twice I was on a
motorcycle driving through the country and plane crashes into me oh yeah yeah
Yeah, that happens all the time. We had walked out of one of our casinos in Vegas and a plane just flew right into the side of the building right next to the door.
It's pretty cool. Now what you need to try is get into the two player mode and start at kiss.
Have the first player kiss player two and player two then hit triangle to get in the vehicle.
And then just watch what happens. There are a lot of messed up glitches in that game and that's one of the craziest.
Or the one where you can actually cut the other person's head off and then they're just running headless throughout the whole game.
or go ride the mountain bike off the top of the bike of the mount and with the
parachutes get that out or you could just hold your brake and pedal with the
mountain bike and suddenly you get sucked into the middle of the world
I love games they're glitchy those are the best ones yeah the new one that I
found out was when you could fly into the other world where all the rooms
the
and fly straight up
market
that should be in
simply or that's not
get the third set of tattoos and then you go to all the other interiors
Alright, I think that's enough.
I agree, I'm falling asleep over here, so have a great night everybody.
Thank you very much to those of you guys who tuned in tonight.
appreciate your support. Please continue to support Orange Launch Radio. Have a great night.